--------------------------------
Upper Intermediate student 3-32
--------------------------------
Interviewer: The story of Dan
Cooper raises more questions
than it answer. Today we talk to
Bob Fernander, who has written
a new book on the disappearance.
Bob, there are a lot of
mysterious element in this
story. First of all, how did he
get on the plane with a
briefcase full of dynamite?
Bob: Well, that's easy to
answer. Remember, this was 1971
and they didn't have airport
security the way they do now.
Security checks came in much
later, so there's no mystery
there. But, of course, we have
no idea whether he was really
carrying dynamite - it might
have just looked like dynamite.
I: And who was he? Do we know
that?
B: We know that Dan Cooper
wasn't his real name. That was
easy to check and there were no
Dan Coopers who'd gone missing.
But who was he? No one knows.
He knew a lot about planes and
he also knew how to parachute,
so he may have been a retired
pilot or he may have had some
job to do with aircraft.
Certainly someone with inside
knowledge. And he also knew the
area where he jumped. One
interesting thing is that
several people claimed later
that he survived and they knew
him. For example, in 1982, a
woman claimed that he was her
husband, who's just died. She
said she'd found him in 1972
hiding in her garden with
broken foot and they'd fallen
in love and got married. This
was her story. But there was no
way they could prove it. 
--------------------------------

